doc: nrf: Adding documentation support for Promiscuous mode operation (#13896)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/wifi/promiscuous_operation.rst

.. _ug_nrf70_developing_promiscuous_packet_reception:

> Raw IEEE 802.11 promiscuous packet reception

Reviewer: @sachinthegreen Is it okay to change the title of this doc to:
```suggestion
Raw IEEE 802.11 packet reception using Promiscuous mode
```
So that it is similar to: https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK_dev/doc/PR-13896/nrf/protocols/wifi/sniffer_rx_operation.html

############################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The nRF70 Series devices support Promiscuous mode.
Promiscuous mode of operation is only supported in connected Station mode.

> In Promiscuous mode of operation, all received IEEE 802.11 packets that belong to the same BSS are sent to the receiving application by the nRF Wi-Fi driver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Promiscuous mode of operation, all received IEEE 802.11 packets that belong to the connected BSS are sent to the receiving application by the nRF Wi-Fi driver.
```

Reviewer 3: I think the correct name is "nRF Wi-Fi driver", not with the registered mark. The registered mark is used with the first instance of Wi-Fi in the document.

Reviewer: Oh, is it different than: https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/2.4.99-dev2/nrf/drivers/wifi/nrf700x/nrf700x.html ?
In this doc, "nRF70 Series Wi-Fi driver" is used throughout

Reviewer 3: "nRF70 Series Wi-Fi driver" is correct, typo in my last comment.

.. _ug_nrf70_developing_enabling_promiscuous_mode_feature:

Enabling Promiscuous mode
*************************

To use the Promiscuous mode feature in your applications, you must enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF700X_PROMISC_DATA_RX` Kconfig option in the project configuration.

.. _ug_nrf70_developing_promiscuous_mode_operation:

Promiscuous mode operation
**************************

> The nRF70 Series device supports raw 802.11 packet reception from a specific BSSID when Promiscuous mode is enabled for the nRF70 Wi-Fi driver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The nRF70 Series device supports raw 802.11 packet reception from a specific BSSID to which the device is connected in Station mode, when Promiscuous mode is enabled for the nRF70 Wi-Fi driver.
```

> Promiscuous mode setting can be enabled when the nRF70 Series device operates in Station mode, however, Raw IEEE 802.11 packets in Promiscuousmode are only received when the nRF70 Series device connects to a specific BSSID and operates as a connected station.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Promiscuous mode setting can be enabled when the nRF70 Series device operates in Station mode, however, Raw IEEE 802.11 packets in Promiscuous mode are only received when the nRF70 Series device connects to a specific BSSID and operates as a connected station.
```

The ``net_eth_promisc_mode`` functional API can be used to enable or disable Promiscuous mode in the nRF Wi-Fi driver as required by the application.
The ``NET_REQUEST_ETHERNET_SET_PROMISC_MODE`` network management API can also be used to enable or disable Promiscuous mode.
However, it is recommended to use the functional API ``net_eth_promisc_mode`` for enabling or disabling Promiscuous mode in the nRF Wi-Fi driver.

> The following table provides the parameter details for ``net_eth_promisc_mode`` API which is used to enable/disable Promiscuous mode for raw packet reception.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following table provides the parameter details for the ``net_eth_promisc_mode`` API, which is used to enable or disable Promiscuous mode for raw packet reception.
```

.. list-table:: Wi-Fi raw packet reception API parameter details
   :header-rows: 1

   * - API parameter

>      - description

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     - Description
```

   * - iface

>      - Network interface on which Promiscuous mode is to be enabled

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     - Network interface on which Promiscuous mode is to be enabled.
```

   * - enable
     - Boolean value to enable or disable Promiscuous mode.

> Since, Promiscuous packets are only received in connected Station mode, Promiscuous mode always operates in the channel in which the Station mode device is connected to the BSSID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Promiscuous packets are only received in connected Station mode.
Therefore Promiscuous mode always operates in the channel in where the Station mode device is connected to the BSSID.
```

> You can refer to the relevant structure at:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can refer to the relevant structure in the following raw RX header file:
```
Then the text ` - for the raw RX header file` on line 48 can be removed.

Author: slightly modified suggested sentence as it is not just a raw RX header file. Kindly re-check

:file:`nrfxlib/nrf_wifi/fw_if/umac_if/inc/default/fmac_structs.h` - for the raw RX header

.. _ug_nrf70_developing_promiscuous_mode_receive_packet_metadata:

> Promiscuous mode receive packet metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Promiscuous mode receiving packet metadata
```
Please ensure this does not significantly change the intended meaning. If not, can also apply this change to the following lines: 

* 80
* 97
* 130

Author: This line was per previous comment for Monitor mode sniffer operation wherein it was kept as `Monitor mode receive packet metadata`

****************************************

> The IEEE 802.11 packet that is captured by the nRF70 Series device will prepend a proprietary header ``raw_rx_pkt_header``, which contains the following information about the received 802.11 packet:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The IEEE 802.11 packet that is captured by the nRF70 Series device will be prepended with a proprietary header ``raw_rx_pkt_header``, which contains the following information about the received 802.11 packet:
```

.. list-table:: Wi-Fi packet reception header elements
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Parameter name
     - Type
     - Description
   * - frequency
     - unsigned short
     - Provides the current frequency at which the packet was received.
       The frequency element can be used to compute the packet receive channel.
   * - signal
     - signed short
     - Signal strength of the received packet.
   * - rate_flags
     - unsigned char

>      - Provides data on whether the received 802.11 packet is a legacy, HT, VHT or HE packet.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     - Provides data on whether the received 802.11 packet is a legacy, HT, VHT, or HE packet.
```

   * - rate
     - unsigned char
     - Provides the data rate at which the packet was received.
       It can be a ``legacy rate`` or an ``MCS rate`` based on the ``rate_flags`` value.

.. _ug_nrf70_developing_promiscuous_mode_receive_operation:

Promiscuous mode receive operation
**********************************

> An IEEE 802.11 packet captured by the nRF70 Series device in Promiscuous mode will be sent up to the Wi-Fi driver, which will append a radio information header to the received packet and present the resulting set to the user application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An IEEE 802.11 packet captured by the nRF70 Series device in Promiscuous mode will be sent up to the Wi-Fi driver, which will prepend a radio information header to the received packet and present the resulting set to the user application.
```

To receive the captured traffic in Promiscuous mode, the user application layer needs to open a raw socket to the Wi-Fi driver.

The following figure illustrates the packet structure and IEEE 802.11 packet sniffer operational flow:

.. figure:: images/nrf7000_packet_promiscuous_operation.png
   :alt: IEEE 802.11 packet sniffer operational flow

   IEEE 802.11 packet sniffer operational flow

.. _ug_nrf70_developing_promiscuous_mode_receive_operation_filter_setting:

Promiscuous mode receive operation filter configuration
*******************************************************

The type of IEEE 802.11 receive packets that the application receives can be configured using the filter ``NET_REQUEST_WIFI_PACKET_FILTER`` net management command.

> The nRF Wi-Fi driver has to configured to operate in Monitor mode or Promiscuous mode for setting packet filter settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The nRF Wi-Fi driver has to be configured to operate in Monitor mode or Promiscuous mode for setting packet filter settings.
```

Reviewer: `The nRF70 Series Wi-Fi driver`

> The application can choose to receive 802.11 management packets, 802.11 control packets or 802.11 data packets or a combination of the three types of 802.11 packet types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application can choose to receive 802.11 management packets, 802.11 control packets, 802.11 data packets, or a combination of the three types of 802.11 packet types.
```

See the :ref:`wifi_shell_sample` sample for more information on configuring the filter settings for raw packet reception through shell commands.

> The following table lists example shell commands and NET-management API that is used to configure packet filter settings for receive sniffer operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following table lists example shell commands and NET-management API that is used to configure packet filter settings for sniffer operation.
```

.. list-table:: Wi-Fi packet reception filter setting network management APIs
   :header-rows: 1

>    * - Network management APIs

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   * - Network management API
```

     - Wi-Fi shell command
     - Example usage
     - Description
   * - net_mgmt(NET_REQUEST_PACKET_FILTER)
     - ``wifi packet_filter -i<interface instance> <configuration>``
     - ``wifi packet_filter -i1 -m``
     - Configure interface instance 1 to receive management frames.
   * - net_mgmt(NET_REQUEST_PACKET_FILTER)
     - ``wifi packet_filter -i<interface instance> <configuration>``
     - ``wifi packet_filter -i1 -mc``
     - Configure interface instance 1 to receive management and control frames.
   * - net_mgmt(NET_REQUEST_PACKET_FILTER)
     - ``wifi packet_filter -i<interface instance> <configuration>``
     - ``wifi packet_filter -i1 -a``
     - Configure interface instance 1 to receive management, control and data frames.

.. _ug_nrf70_developing_promiscuous_mode_receive_operation_with_tx_injection:

Promiscuous mode receive operation in conjunction with TX injection
*******************************************************************

> TX injection mode can be enabled when the nRF70 Series device is enabled for Promiscuous mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TX injection mode can be enabled concurrently with Promiscuous mode on the nRF70 Series device.
```

To use the Promiscuous mode feature in your applications, you must enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF700X_PROMISC_DATA_RX` Kconfig option in the project configuration.

.. _ug_nrf70_developing_promiscuous_mode_operation:

Promiscuous mode operation
**************************

The nRF70 Series device supports raw 802.11 packet reception from a specific BSSID to which the device is connected in Station mode, when Promiscuous mode is enabled for the nRF70 Series Wi-Fi driver.
Promiscuous mode setting can be enabled when the nRF70 Series device operates in Station mode, however, raw IEEE 802.11 packets in Promiscuous mode are only received when the nRF70 Series device connects to a specific BSSID and operates as a connected station.

The ``net_eth_promisc_mode`` functional API can be used to enable or disable Promiscuous mode in the nRF70 Series Wi-Fi driver as required by the application.
The ``NET_REQUEST_ETHERNET_SET_PROMISC_MODE`` network management API can also be used to enable or disable Promiscuous mode.
However, it is recommended to use the functional API ``net_eth_promisc_mode`` for enabling or disabling Promiscuous mode in the nRF70 Series Wi-Fi driver.

> The following table provides the parameter details for the ``net_eth_promisc_mode`` API which is used to enable ordisable Promiscuous mode for raw packet reception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table provides the parameter details for the ``net_eth_promisc_mode`` API which is used to enable or disable Promiscuous mode for raw packet reception.
```

.. list-table:: Wi-Fi raw packet reception API parameter details
   :header-rows: 1

   * - API parameter
     - Description
   * - iface
     - Network interface on which Promiscuous mode is to be enabled.
   * - enable
     - Boolean value to enable or disable Promiscuous mode.

Promiscuous packets are only received in connected Station mode.
Therefore, Promiscuous mode always operates in the channel where the Station mode device is connected to the BSSID.

You can refer to the relevant structure in the following header file:

> :file:`nrfxlib/nrf_wifi/fw_if/umac_if/inc/default/fmac_structs.h`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:file:`nrfxlib/nrf_wifi/fw_if/umac_if/inc/default/fmac_structs.h`.
```
Looks good, just needs a period at the end
